if you clicked on this video then you're
probably feeling just like everyone else
in the world which is that you don't
have enough time and there's no way to
possibly create as much content as these
algorithms seem to want you to post
nowadays luckily for you Instagram reels
don't have to take a long time to create
and sometimes the simplest quickest and
easiest reels can be the ones that end
up performing the
best I could be wrong about this but
think about yourself right now and the
reals you've posted in the past think
about the reels that you took a really
long time editing the ones you put a lot
of thought thought into the ones that
you were sure were going to do well how
did those end up doing often times not
that great now think about the other
side of that Spectrum think about the
reals that you just kind of whipped
together really quickly you didn't put a
lot of thought into it you maybe didn't
even spell check it or rewatch it after
editing you put it together and you just
pressed post and then maybe you even
forgot about it and you didn't have that
high of expectations how did that one do
chances are that one ended up doing
better and there's a lot of reasons for
this phenomenon but I think the biggest
reason is that the more time we spend
with our content the more we over
massage and edit and Hyper curate and
filter and all of those certain things
it can lead to an end product that is
kind of overdone or over complicated and
our audience just doesn't always
resonate with that now don't get me
wrong there is definitely a time in
place for editing for fine-tuning your
reels and for making sure that they are
the highest quality possible but there's
also a time in place for making content
quicker and easier and more efficient so
that you can spend more time working on
your business or other areas of your
life that are outside of posting on
Instagram and I think this is one of the
real secrets that I've learned over the
last few years of growing on Instagram
where I've been posting over two times
per day I think over the last two and a
half years I've averaged about 2.4 feed
posts per day and a lot of those have
been reals and one of the main ways that
I've been able to create so much content
and post so frequently is that I don't
stress myself out to make an A+ level
real something that's highly edited
highly produced every single time I also
think one of the the superpowers that I
have developed over the last few years
is the ability to underthink my content
and I know that sounds silly because we
often times hear so much about
overthinking and how we need to really
analyze our reals and be critical of
them and they need to have a certain
hook and a certain call to action and a
plotline and all these other things but
I often find that when we underthink our
content when we think about it a little
bit less than we probably should or than
other people might tell us to that's the
content that ends up doing the best and
that's the content that's more authen
authentic more in the moment and more
true to what you are just creating raw
rather than the things that you are
hyper editing before posting and the
bottom line is that pretty much none of
us want to be on our phone right we
don't want to spend more time creating
content filming reals I mean maybe
there's 1% of people out there in the
world who want to spend more time on
their phone and more time creating reals
but for most of us we want to spend more
time doing other things and still reap
the benefits and the rewards from
posting frequently and consistently on
Instagram so with that being said in
today's episode I'm going to share with
you eight different ideas that you can
Implement today in order to post easier
simpler reels on Instagram each of these
eight ideas should take you less than 5
minutes to create so even if you ended
up making all eight of these ideas it
should only take you 40 minutes but
probably even less because the majority
of these ideas are going to take far
less than 5 minutes like maybe only 1 to
2 minutes to create and that way you're
going to free up so much time to be able
to work on other things the first idea
is something that you've definitely seen
but maybe you've never thought about it
before or even realized what was going
on and it is text post reals essentially
a text post reel is just a infographic
it is something that you can very easily
create in Instagram stories or in canva
usually with a solid color background
and just one to two paragraphs worth of
text on the screen but rather than
posting that as a still image a photo to
your feed you're going to post that as a
video in the format of a
reel
so there's nothing changing in this text
post there's no movement there's nothing
edited there's nothing going on the
video is just a picture right it's just
a still image that plays for about 5 to
six seconds and it has maybe a trending
audio or some sort of looping music in
the background so that as people are
reading there's maybe like a little bit
of audio or something playing behind
their uh their reading but really it's a
quite simple way to create content and
to create a real and a very easy way to
do this is to take your existing
captions or your scripts that you've
used in the past go ahead scroll back on
Instagram find maybe a three or four
paragraph caption you've written before
or find one of your like talking direct
to camera reels that you filmed and just
take that transcription or take that
caption or take the text version of that
post type it out either again on canva
or Instagram stories or whatever design
app that you prefer and then just post
that as if it was a real the m magic in
this or the real Beauty in these text
posts is besides the fact that they're
very easy to create it takes people a
few seconds to read them right it
probably takes them let's say 10 seconds
or so maybe 15 seconds to read your two
to three paragraphs depending on how
long you've written but as they're
reading the time that they're watching
your video is continuing to go up so as
they're reading right as they're taking
more time they're essentially spending
more time with your content that's
something that the algorithm is a fan of
and so the algorithm is more likely to
push you out to more people and you're
more likely to increase your engagement
because You' kind of tricked the
algorithm into thinking that people are
watching your video for a long amount of
time when in reality they're just
reading the text the second idea for a
super quick and easy Instagram reel is a
b-roll reel a b-roll reel is essentially
a reel that uses background video or
secondary footage Boll is a term that
comes from professional videography
often used in TV commercials or in
newscasts essentially picture like the
newscaster talking into the camera
telling you tonight's Nightly news story
but as they're talking suddenly the
camera Cuts or the video cuts the TV
screen cuts and it goes to some
background footage of whatever it is
they're talking about let's say they're
talking about some local horse at the
park that is giving people free hay
rides or something they're suddenly
going to cut from the a Ro which is the
primary footage the video of the the
newscaster speaking into the camera to
the background footage the b roll the
secondary camera footage of showing you
kind of what's going on the context the
behind the scenes of the story that is
being told essentially for this style
real though all you have to do is film
yourself living your daily life so I
highly recommend setting a reminder for
yourself so that throughout your day you
just get little tiny notifications of
hey film what you're doing right now so
as I'm filming this podcast for you
right now I'm looking into the camera
this is the a-roll but I could also set
up my phone over to the side and have it
film
[Music]
b-roll I don't know who needs to hear
this but doing the work takes much less
energy than avoiding the work b-roll
style reels are great because they give
people kind of a glimpse into your daily
life and as long as it's related to your
Niche you should post it I have hundreds
of videos in my phone saved to a folder
called b-roll and it's literally just
content of me living my life working
throughout the day typing on my computer
writing at my desk whatever it may be
but I'm filming those little things and
it's kind of as if it was like filmed
with a security camera or like you're
watching reality TV like when you're
watching reality TV they never make eye
contact with the camera it's kind of
like they're pretending the camera isn't
there and that's the same approach that
you're going to take when you're filming
b-roll content set up your phone off to
the side set up a tripod maybe behind
you or from an angle and then don't look
at the camera pretend it's not there go
about your day go about your business
keep doing what you're doing and then
you can use that footage for very easy
Instagram reals all you're going to do
for this second idea is take that b-roll
footage add some text onto the screen
whether it's a motivational quote some
sort of inspirational reminder maybe
you're giving a quick tip or you're
telling a story relating to whatever is
going on in the b-roll in that kind of
background video you're going to add a
very simple audio to the background
again maybe it's a trending audio maybe
it's some sort of looping music in the
background just keeping it very simple
elevator music style and it's so so easy
to create and it performs really really
well and again it shouldn't take you
very much time at all to make this style
real your you're filming yourself doing
things you would already be doing so
that essentially takes no time maybe it
takes a second or two to actually like
prop up your phone and press the record
button and then it should only take a
few seconds maybe a few minutes at most
to pull up that background video that
b-roll video select a little audio to
play in the background and then come up
with some text to go on the screen as
simple as that my third idea for an easy
Instagram reel that should only take a
few seconds is probably what was the
most famous or most popular
in 2022 and probably in 2021 as well and
that is a good old lip sync reel those
dominated the market and if you scroll
through reels back in 2021 and 2022 that
was like 80 or 90% of what you saw no
one was talking to the camera no one was
doing b-roll no one was doing text post
almost all reels back in the day were
people doing lip syncs of popular
trending audios computer how do I put
the Joker in The Phantom Zone quickest
route no freeways
computer do you hear me but while in
2023 those became less popular because
they were overdone they're now so few
and far between that you can start
mixing them in again I think if this was
the spring of 20123 and you're watching
this then I would tell you probably you
don't want to do too many lip sync reels
because people are kind of over it but
now we've had a big enough break and
people have kind of relaxed or chilled
out they're not as annoyed by the lip
sync reels and if you find one that you
can relate to your Niche something that
you find is funny something that's maybe
trending by all means record yourself
lip syncing it add some text so that it
relates to your Niche boom you're done
my fourth idea for super quick and easy
reels is to use cap cut and specifically
to use their templates inside of cap cut
many of you may not know this especially
if you don't already use cap cut but
they have tons of free templates for you
to use and not only do you not have to
pay for these templates they're often
times very funny very trending and very
popular I love going into cap cut
especially when I'm feeling like I'm
lacking inspiration or I feel like I
need to come up with a post but I just
you know I can't get my creative juices
going today I'll go into cap cut and
I'll just look through some of the
templates and they also have the
templates broken down by different
categories so you can look for different
categories that might relate to your
business or might relate to the kind of
post you're looking to make and it's
super easy the majority of the work is
already done for you by the app the only
thing you really have to do is change
the text on the screen to make sure that
the template or the meme or whatever it
is that you've selected relates to your
industry or business also sometimes you
might need to select a few Clips to kind
of fit into the cap cut template maybe
it's going to tell you that you need a a
1second video and then two videos that
are each half a second long and then a
3se second video so you just have to pop
into your camera roll and select some
videos but it's really really easy
because it's kind of like creating a Mad
Lib you don't have to come up with the
whole paragraph you just have to fill in
the blanks my fifth idea for a super
quick and easy read real that you can
make today is one that I'm not the
biggest fan of personally but hey it's
my job to give you strategies and to
give you ideas not to pass out my
opinion but this idea is the reals that
many of you may have seen where
essentially it's like four or five
seconds long and at the beginning of the
Reel you see a hook right it's grabbing
your attention it's the top three ways
to grow on Instagram the seven mistakes
you're making uh that are causing you to
gain weight the number one thing that a
beginner rock climber needs to know the
number one thing that you should avoid
when you're going to your local coffee
shop I don't know there's like a hook on
the screen that grabs your attention
it's often times paired with a b-roll
video like we talked about in idea
number two but the main idea here is
that there's a hook that pops up in the
text that's what grabs our attention
that's what Hooks Us in and that what
gets us continuing to watch and then you
watch for another like one to two
seconds and you're expecting the tip or
the idea or the thing to avoid or the
strategy whatever to pop up on the
screen but instead it just says read the
caption and then you as the viewer are
supposed to go down and read the caption
and the detail the strategy the tips or
whatever they're shared down in the
caption again I'm not here to share my
opinion I know lots of people share
those kinds of reals I'm not the biggest
fan of them myself it's not a strategy
that I'm going to be using from pulling
my own audience it's something that
they're not the biggest fan of either
and so in listening to my audience I'm
not going to be sharing that kind of
content but it's something that's worth
testing out for you something that's
worth trying out maybe you could even
start by just pulling your audience and
asking if that's a Style real that they
enjoy or that they generally dislike or
feel annoyed by but if it's something
that your audience is open to or if it's
a kind of real that you do like creating
and your audience does engage with well
then it's a really quick and easy reel
to create because very similar to The
b-roll Reel it's short there's a very
simple audio in the background there's a
very simple video being played and all
you have to do is add the hook add some
text that says read the caption and then
type out the caption and you're done my
sixth idea for quick and easy reals that
you can create in less than 5 minutes
are to use the existing templates that
are in Instagram so very similar to how
capcut has templates Instagram reals
have templates as well unfortunately
there's not a full database where you
can just like scroll through a list of
templates but the way you can find them
is by going to your Instagram reals tab
so go to your Instagram and click on the
little page that has all the reals that
you can scroll through oftentimes called
your reals for you page and as you
scroll through that with some of the
reels in the bottom leand corner you'll
see a little button that says use
template once you click use template
you'll have two options you can either
save the template for use later on in
the future or you can press add clips
and then right then and there it will
show you how long each of the clips is
supposed to be it will automatically
edit them to be that length and to go in
the correct order often times to kind of
go to the beat of the background song or
audio and then all you have to do is
select the clips that you want added
it's very very simple very easy to use
and another way that you can find these
templates besides just scrolling through
your reals page is if you find audios or
you go through a list of different
audios often times you will find
templates within the audio itself
probably the best way to find these
Instagram reals templates though is to
just go to your Instagram reals camer
swipe up on the screen as if you were
going to select videos from your camera
roll and in the upper left hand corner
you'll see a button that says templates
when you click on that you'll get to
browse all of the templates that
Instagram has created you can browse
templates that are recommended for you
templates that are trending templates
based off the audios that you've saved
and your other saved templates from the
past this is a great way to find very
simple and easy reels that are almost
completely done for you the only work
you have to do is select the actual
videos and and then maybe write the
caption this should only take a few
seconds and this should be a very easy
way to not have to be creative yet still
create more reals idea number seven for
a quick simple and easy reel is to go to
your Instagram insights then go to the
section that shows you all of your
stories that you have posted in the past
then I want you to sort the stories from
the last 6 months or so and sort them
based off the ones that got either the
most replies or the ones that had the
greatest reach the ones that had the
most views that will essentially show
you a list or a group of your top
stories the best stories that you've
posted recently all you're going to do
is pick out one of those stories and
then post it as a real maybe it's a text
post story maybe it's a 60-second video
maybe it's a photo maybe it's a graphic
whatever it is if it did really well on
your stories and it relates to your
Niche you should post it as a real this
is a really great and simple way to
create content and you already have some
validation that this is likely going to
do well as a real because it did well as
a story you already have some indication
that your audience is interested in this
post and that there's something that
they really wanted to see or something
that grabbed and held their attention
and so by posting it as a real you now
allow it to live on you now allow it to
have more views and have people watch it
day after day rather than having it
expire after 24 hours the way Instagram
stories do I do this all the time
because it's just a great simple easy
way to create more real without having
to do a bunch of extra work you've
already done the work to make the story
and you have the validation that people
are into it so now let's post it as a
real as well and no you don't have to
tell people that it was a story you
don't have to tell people that it was a
repost most people probably don't
remember especially if it's a story from
like 3 or 4 months ago so just post it
again idea number eight is probably my
overall best strategy for posting more
on Instagram without having to do more
work and that is to repost or recreate
your best content for from the past so
very similar to number seven where you
were looking back at your best stories
and posting those as reals with tip
number eight you're just going to look
back at the reals that you shared before
and if they did well a few months ago
I'm going to say at least 90 days or
more ago post them again if they did
well before people enjoyed them they'll
enjoy them now and here's the thing the
vast majority of your followers didn't
see it the first time you posted it and
even those people who did see it they
probably don't remember that you posted
it the very small percentage of people
who both saw it and remember seeing it
they remember seeing it because it was
that good of a post it made that much of
an impact on them that a few months
later they still remember it and they
probably wouldn't mind seeing it again
so if you made a post 90 days or more
ago and it did well and you can Define
did well however you want got a lot of
views got a lot of saves got a lot of
comments got a lot of likes whatever
post it again you can do so by either
finding it in your camera roll or
downloading it from Instagram using like
a third party website then once it's on
your device you can just post it again
same caption everything Instagram will
not penalize you for reposting it and
you again you don't need to announce
that it is a repost alternatively yet
similarly you can do the same thing and
just kind of refresh it you could
re-record a reel with the exact same
script as before that's something that I
do all the time you could take an old
caption and maybe tweak a little bit but
you're using the same reel maybe you're
going to take the same b-roll video and
the same text that you posted before but
you're going to add a different
background audio there are so many
different little tweaks and adjustments
that you can make to the real but again
the basic premise is that you've already
posted it you've already done the work
and it's already performed well so now
you're just going to give it a second
life and allow it to be reaching more
people if you haven't already I highly
encourage you to listen to the episode
that we did just a few weeks ago called
how to get more engagement on Instagram
the 2024 algorithm explained that's
going to be a really great episode for
you to kind of take these reels that we
talked about today and take them to the
next level so that you're not just
creating more content but that content
is of a certain quality and it's
actually getting the engagement that you
hope to receive hope you enjoyed today's
episode and I will see you next time and
as always happy
[Music]
networking